# Help

Thank you for using this app!  By using it to
complete surveys with suspected victims of modern
day slavery, you'll help them to find support and
resources.  You'll also help us to perform valuable
statistical analysis on the potential victims, their
languages, and their situations.

## Using this app

Using this app requires two people - you (the
Facilitator), and the person you want to communicate
with (the User).  As a Facilitator, you should make
the User feel as comfortable as possible about
using the system, and be aware of the advice that is
being displayed to the User.

Firstly, select "**Begin Questions**".  This shows
the language selection screen.  At this point, you
should let the User choose their language.  This
will immediately show them the first question.

The questions and answers will be shown in their
chosen language.  They will be able to click the
large green buttons, which will guide them through
the process.

Throughout the process, when the User has chosen
certain options, they will be shown an advice page.
This advice page contains information that is shown
in both the chosen language, and English.  You
should use the English text as an opportunity to
understand what advice the User has been given.

After the process has finished, a green tick will
appear.  At this point, clicking "**Go Back**" will
take you to the main menu again.
